Psalm 149 praise the Lord sing to the
Psalm 149 praise the Lord sing to the Lord a new song and his praise in the
Lord a new song and his praise in the
Lord a new song and his praise in the Assembly of saints let Israel rejoice in
Assembly of saints let Israel rejoice in
Assembly of saints let Israel rejoice in their maker let the children of Zion be
their maker let the children of Zion be
their maker let the children of Zion be joyful in their king
joyful in their king
joyful in their king let them praise His name with the dance
let them praise His name with the dance
let them praise His name with the dance let them sing praises to him with the
let them sing praises to him with the
let them sing praises to him with the timbrel and harp for the Lord takes
timbrel and harp for the Lord takes
timbrel and harp for the Lord takes pleasure in his people he will beautify
pleasure in his people he will beautify
pleasure in his people he will beautify the humble with salvation let the Saints
the humble with salvation let the Saints
the humble with salvation let the Saints be joyful in glory
be joyful in glory
be joyful in glory let them sing aloud on their beds let
let them sing aloud on their beds let
let them sing aloud on their beds let the high praises of God be in their
the high praises of God be in their
the high praises of God be in their mouths and a two-edged sword in their
mouths and a two-edged sword in their
mouths and a two-edged sword in their hand to execute vengeance on the
hand to execute vengeance on the
hand to execute vengeance on the nation's and punishments on the peoples
nation's and punishments on the peoples
nation's and punishments on the peoples to bind their kings with chains and
to bind their kings with chains and
to bind their kings with chains and their nobles with fetters of iron to
their nobles with fetters of iron to
their nobles with fetters of iron to execute on them the written judgment
execute on them the written judgment
execute on them the written judgment this honor have all his Saints praise
this honor have all his Saints praise
this honor have all his Saints praise the Lord
the Lord
the Lord [Music]